this video is a response to regular Josh
won one of the worst YouTube ranchers of
all time period when I looked at shitty
Josh wasn't why this generation sucks I
have found out he made fun of one of the
greatest phones of all time which is the
iPhone and here's what I have to say you
are a liar everybody should love the
iPhone period you are just cyberbullying
people who love the iPhone with your
horrible opinions you motherfucking
asshole you are gonna learn to love the
iPhone forever and you
this asshole has no life this
motherfucking teenager doesn't like the
iPhone
you liar everybody should love the
iPhone you motherfucking and here is how
you cyberbully people who love the
iPhone with your horrible opinions you
said you putted the iPhone as the reason
why this generation sucks cuz kids are
using the iPhone bullshit what is wrong
with using the iPhone your mother
fucking faggot and also about the whole
internet thing you fucking liar
everybody should put the internet on an
iPhone I mean are you fucking kidding me
you just insulted the kids who use the
internet on their iPhone remove your
opinions on the internet because we
don't like them
and also and here's one more thing about
the whole internet thing
what is if you are in a car and you want
to use the internet on your car and yet
you have no computer will it be
pointless
that were using an iPhone to use the
internet while we're on the car you
motherfucking faggot
everybody should hate using the using
the computers because your RAM fucking
sucks
so yeah everybody should love the iPhone
because I say so
you motherfucking faggot and regular
Josh won really really very are you
kidding me it steadily sang regular show
one you said regular josh one you
fucking liar it shows that you hate
regular show you fucking liar everybody
should love the iPhone and regular show
remove your opinions on the internet
because we don't like them at all
and you should know that the word
opinion doesn't exist you motherfucking
faggot I hope this guy learns my lesson
anyways this is mr. Pico 6:63 saying
have a nice fucking day you
motherfucking